Lab 2

2.) There are many reasons to choose a license. For open source projects in particular, a license encourages communities to congregate around a project; without a license that ensures that their development time and effort aren't being wasted for another's personal profit, developers are unlikely to join in.

3.) An unlicensed project still has copyright protection, so the owner can at any point make it proprietary / cost money / revoke access / etc. If you have integrated it in your own projects, you may have to pay a fee or rewrite that code, which can end up being very costly.

4.) I would argue that the primary reason that Gopher failed is due to early momentum of the web. This momentum was in turn generated by leaving the web open for everybody to develop without fear of licensing that would restrict things later on. In this sense, I agree completely that Gopher's failure to adopt open standards definitely provoked its inability to compete with the web and its later turn into irrelevance.

5.) A development team may choose a license (such as the MIT license) in order to give lots of permissions for future enthusiasts to modify and develop the application without needing to ask permission or deal with any legal jargon. They are free to code and develop the application as they see fit, which may improve the original code base either directly or indirectly.

6.) I'm a fan of the MIT license since it's short and sweet, but if I'm doing anything I consider groundbreaking or potentially patentable, I'd probably go with the Apache license.

7.)GPL: good for devs as code improvements must also be licensed GPL, good for general good since all code originating from the code base stays open and GPL | LGPL: (good for library's, so good for the original developers and companies to ensure improvements to their library by outside devs are open sourced as well - potentially improving their own code) | Apache/BSD: more permissive licenses may be worse off for companies who license their own code this way, but great for those seeking to benefit off of an outside project with such a license. These permissive type licenses are very good for developers and the general community to use.

8.) Choose a license on a new repository

9.) I don't know what project I'm working on yet (still have to narrow down my own list of ideas / look around to see who's interested) so this question is still pretty hard to answer on its own. Most of my own ideas are aimed at more experimental / educational usage rather than anything potentially commercial. So if I end up going with these choices, I'll likely use a permissive license like MIT and the people who benefit will mostly be researchers and/or students.

10.) RCOS licenses

Website | License Present | License
--------|:-----------------|:---------
http://deepremix.com/ | Yes | Apache 2.0
https://github.com/aryzle/campus-ios | Yes | MIT
https://github.com/CMine/BShare | Yes | MIT
http://butterproject.org/ | Yes | GPL-3.0
https://github.com/lusilva/fundo | Yes | MIT